Improve MetricDescritpor usage in Alpha release of exporter and update documentation. (#71)
GoogleCloudPlatform/opentelemetry-operations-java: exporters/metrics/README.md

      .setMetricDescriptorStrategy(MetricDescriptorStrategy.SEND_ONCE)
      .build()
  );
// Now set up IntervalMetricReader to use this Exporter
IntervalMetricReader reader =
   IntervalMetricReader.builder()
     // Set collection interval to 20 seconds.
     // See https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/quotas#custom_metrics_quotas
     // Rate at which data can be written to a single time series: one point each 10
     // seconds.
     .setExportIntervalMillis(20000)
     .setMetricExporter(cloudMonitoringExporter)
     // Wire our exporter into the "global" metrics from OpenTelemetry.
     // Note: You can also wire against your own MeterProvider instance to isolate
     // metrics being sent to Cloud Monitoring.
     .setMetricProducers(Collections.singleton(
       SdkMeterProvider.builder().buildAndRegisterGlobal()
     )).build()    
```

| Configuration | Environment Variable | JVM Property | Description | Default |
| ------------- | -------------------- | ------------ | ----------- | ------- |
| projectId     | GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT or GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS | ??? | The cloud project id.  This is autodiscovered. | The autodiscovered value. |

> | credentials | GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS | N/A | Credentials to use when talking to Cloud Monitoring API. | App Engine, Cloud Sheel, GCE built-in or provided by `gcloud auth applciation-default login` |
> | deadline      | ??? | ??? | The deadline limit on exprot calls to Cloud Monitoring API | 10 seconds |
> | metricDescriptorStrategy | ??? | ??? | How to adapt OpenTelemetry metric defintiion into google cloud. `ALWAYS_SEND` will try to create metric descriptors on every export.  `SEND_ONCE` will try to create metric descriptors once per Java instance/classloader. `NEVER_SEND` will rely on Cloud Monitoring's auto-generated MetricDescriptors from time series. | `SEND_ONCE` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| credentials | GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS | N/A | Credentials to use when talking to Cloud Monitoring API. | App Engine, Cloud Shell, GCE built-in or provided by `gcloud auth application-default login` |
| deadline      | ??? | ??? | The deadline limit on export calls to Cloud Monitoring API | 10 seconds |
| metricDescriptorStrategy | ??? | ??? | How to adapt OpenTelemetry metric definition into google cloud. `ALWAYS_SEND` will try to create metric descriptors on every export.  `SEND_ONCE` will try to create metric descriptors once per Java instance/classloader. `NEVER_SEND` will rely on Cloud Monitoring's auto-generated MetricDescriptors from time series. | `SEND_ONCE` |
```
